Su Ran, you bitch
You follow the picture I sent you.
Find an identical dress
Delivered to Suoran's house in the name of Mr. Ji
There will be a good show tomorrow
I have long heard of Mrs. Ji's beauty
I am privileged to meet you today
Really elegant
graceful
I don't know.
I thought it was Mr. Ji's sister
Thank you, Mrs. Ji, there are no shelves at all
Inviting company employees to a dinner party as soon as they returned to China
We are so flattered
I asked you all to come here today for one thing
It's about us Yanting and Yingying
No wonder Yingying is so beautiful today
Yingying, are you a proper protagonist today?
This is all the service of Aunt Toji
My clothes were given to me by Aunt Ji.
There is only one item in the world. Wow.
Happy people spoil you too much, right?
I almost treat you like my own daughter
Hey, it's flat.
Why did Su Ran wear the same clothes as Yingying?
Yes!
Su Ran is too much
On this occasion
Wear the same clothes as Yingying
Obviously want to steal Yingying's thunder
Su Ran is an idiot
I really thought it was Yan Ting who gave her the dress
Now I'm curious
Hey, why is this Su Ran like this?
I showed him my clothes yesterday
He boasted about his good looks
I didn't expect to wear a counterfeit
Su Ran
Where did this dress come from?
This dress was given to me by Mr. Ji.